user guide, definition listings of site params: add 'params' context (#1828)
google/docsy: userguide/content/en/docs/get-started/basic-configuration.md

## Search

> By default, the Docsy example site uses its own [Google Custom Search Engine](https://cse.google.com/cse/all). To enable or disable this site search, add rsp. delete/comment out the following line that starts with `gcs_engine_id`:

Reviewer: I would suggest reverting the text in this section. This section's purpose is to explain how to disable GCSE, and the original text served that purpose clearly relative to the example site's config file.

Author: I see the point. I restored the section and changed the wording here a bit. Looks good to me now.

```
# Google Custom Search Engine ID. Remove or comment out to disable search.
gcs_engine_id = "d72aa9b2712488cc3"
```

> To use your own Custom Search Engine, add the site parameter `gcs_engine_id` to your config file:
> 
> {{< tabpane >}}
> {{< tab header="Configuration file:" disabled=true />}}
> {{< tab header="hugo.toml" lang="toml" >}}
> [params]
> # Google Custom Search Engine ID. Remove or comment out to disable search.
> gcs_engine_id = "011737558837375720776:fsdu1nryfng"
> {{< /tab >}}
> {{< tab header="hugo.yaml" lang="yaml" >}}
> params:
>   gcs_engine_id: 011737558837375720776:fsdu1nryfng
> {{< /tab >}}
> {{< tab header="hugo.json" lang="json" >}}
> {
>   "params": {
>     "gcs_engine_id": "011737558837375720776:fsdu1nryfng"
>   }
> }
> {{< /tab >}}
> {{< /tabpane >}}
> 
> In the definition above, replace the value in the `gcs_engine_id` with the ID of your own search engine. Or [choose another search option](/docs/adding-content/search).

Reviewer: Let's avoid duplicating instructions and send the reader to the docs section on the topic:

```suggestion
To use your own Custom Search Engine, set `gcs_engine_id` to your search engine ID. For details, see [Configure search with a Google Custom Search Engine](/docs/adding-content/search/#configure-search-with-a-google-custom-search-engine).
```

Author: Duplication removed.
Just realized that in `search.md` there were some param context missing, I added it now.

```
# Google Custom Search Engine ID. Remove or comment out to disable search.
gcs_engine_id = "d72aa9b2712488cc3"
```

> To use your own Custom Search Engine, set `gcs_engine_id` to your config file. For details, see [Configure search with a Google Custom Search Engine](/docs/adding-content/search/#configure-search-with-a-google-custom-search-engine).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use your own Custom Search Engine, set `gcs_engine_id` to your search engine ID. For details, see [Configure search with a Google Custom Search Engine](/docs/adding-content/search/#configure-search-with-a-google-custom-search-engine).
```

Author: Corrected now.
